Do you know what justice is?
FEMSA knows that having a fair company
is much more than a goal.
Guaranteeing an environment where everyone
has the same opportunities is a responsibility.
Justice should be the cornerstone of our processes and policies.
It means designing or adjusting
systems that are fair for all,
no matter their circumstances,
and making sure every person has the same opportunities to access, grow, and develop,
without giving up who they are.
Justice is like designing a road.
We must ensure it is evenly paved
and with clear signposts and enough light,
so that it is accessible, and everyone can travel on it safely.
This is why we have pledged to a transparent governance and management system,
where accountability is essential.
Growing together means breaking down barriers
that impede our own or other people’s development
and, apart from enhancing opportunities,
be ourselves and contribute all our talent,
be authentic and have a sense of belonging.
Join us on the path to justice!
Together, we can make a difference.